---
title: "Introduction - part 14"
source_title: "Introduction"
source_path: "5. ICS2-HTI-IE-(2022-05-04)-v2.02/4. ICS2-HTI-IE-(2022-05-04)-v2.02.md"
section: "Notation"
chunk: 14
chunk_count: 18
generated: true
---

# Introduction - part 14

Source document: Introduction
Source path: `5. ICS2-HTI-IE-(2022-05-04)-v2.02/4. ICS2-HTI-IE-(2022-05-04)-v2.02.md`
Chunk: 14 of 18

# Notation

The following notation is used in the IE specifications:

**Occurs** – indicates the minimum and maximum cardinality of a data class/element, e.g.:

0..1	optional data class/element with maximum repetition of 1

1..1	mandatory data class/element with maximum repetition of 1

0..99	optional data class/element with maximum repetition of 99

2..9	mandatory class with minimum repetition of 2 and maximum repetition of 9

0..n	Optional class with unlimited maximum repetition

**Name** – indicates the name of a class or element as defined for ICS2 project. Name of a class is on a grey background.

**Status** – indicates the status of a data class/element as defined for ICS2 project:

M – Mandatory (must always be provided)

O – Optional (must be provided if available)

C – Conditional (is either mandatory or optional depending on the conditions applicable to this class/element)

**Format** - indicates the format of an element as defined for ICS2 project. Data value representation of a data element:

a 	alphabetic characters

n	numeric characters

an 	alphanumeric characters

a3 	3 alphabetic characters, fixed length

n3 	3 numeric characters, fixed length

an3 	3 alphanumeric characters, fixed length

a..3 	up to 3 alphabetic characters

n..3 	up to 3 numeric characters

an..3 	up to 3 alphanumeric characters

n..3,1	up to 3 numeric characters of which 1 position for a decimal

**CL – **indicates the reference number of a Code list [R02] applicable to the element.

**Rules** – indicates reference number(s) of data rules [R01] applicable to a class/element.

**Conditions** – indicates reference number(s) of data conditions [R01] applicable to a class/element.

**Fxx** – Type of ENS filing, based on the Specific Circumstance Indicator.

**Axx** – Type of ENS amendment, based on the Specific Circumstance Indicator.
